Improve CGMES doc (#287)
powsybl/powsybl.github.io: pages/documentation/grid/formats/cim-cgmes.md

<span style="color: red">TODO reactive limits</span>

<span style="color: red">TODO regulation</span>

<span style="color: red">TODO normalPF</span>

#### EquivalentShunt

A CGMES `EquivalentShunt` is mapped to a PowSyBl linear [`ShuntCompensator`](../model/index.md#shunt-compensator). A linear shunt compensator has banks or sections with equal admittance values.
Its attributes are created as described below:
- `SectionCount` is `1` if the `EquivalentShunt` CGMES `Terminal` is connected, else it is `0`.
- `BPerSection` is copied from CGMES `b`
- `MaximumSectionCount` is set to `1`

#### ExternalNetworkInjection

CGMES `ExternalNetworkInjections` are injections representing the flows from an entire external network.

A CGMES `ExternalNetworkinjection` is mapped to a PowSyBl [`Generator`](../model/index.md#generator) with attributes created as described below:
- `MinP` is copied from CGMES `minP`
- `MaxP` is copied from CGMES `maxP`

> - `TargetP`/`TargetQ` are set from `SSH` or `SV` values depending on which are defined. CGMES values for `p`/`q` are given with load sign convention, so a change in sign is applied when copying them to `TargetP`/`TargetQ`. If underfined, they are set to `0`.

Reviewer: Typo here: undefined

<span style="color: red">TODO regulation</span>

#### Switch (Switch, Breaker, Disconnector, LoadBreakSwitch, ProtectedSwitch, GroundDisconnector)

CGMES `Switches`, `Breakers`, `Disconnectors`, `LoadBreakSwitches`, `ProtectedSwitches` and `GroundDisconnectors` are
all imported in the same manner. For convenience purpose, we will now use CGMES `Switch` as a say but keep in mind that this section is valid for all these CGMES classes. 

If the CGMES `Switch` has its ends both inside the same voltage level, it is mapped to a PowSyBl [`Switch`](../model/index.md#breakerswitch) with attributes as described below:
- `SwitchKind` is defined depending on the CGMES class
  - If it is a CGMES `Breaker`, it is `BREAKER`
  - If it is a CGMES `Disconnector`, it is `DISCONNECTOR`
  - If it is a CGMES `LoadBreakSwitch`, it is `LOAD_BREAK_SWITCH`
  - Otherwise, it is `BREAKER`
- `Retained` is copied from CGMES `retained` if defined in node-breaker. Else, it is `false`.
- `Open` is copied from CGMES SSH `open` if defined. Else, it is copied from CGMES `normalOpen`. If neither are defined, it is `false`.

> If the CGMES `Switch` has its ends in different voltage levels inside the same IGM, it is mapped to a PowSyBl [`Switch`] but the voltage levels, and potentially the substations, that contain its ends are merged: they are mapped to only one voltage level and/or substation.

Reviewer 2: The link towards "switch" is missing.

```suggestion
If the CGMES `Switch` has its ends in different voltage levels inside the same IGM, it is mapped to a [`Switch`](../model/index.md#breakerswitch) but the voltage levels, and potentially the substations, that contain its ends are merged: they are mapped to only one voltage level and/or substation.
```

<span style="color: red">TODO details</span>

#### Shunt compensator

PowSyBl [`ShuntCompensators`](../model/index.md#shunt-compensator) are exported as CGMES `LinearShuntCompensator` or `NonlinearShuntCompensator` depending on their models.

<span style="color: red">TODO details</span>

#### StaticVarCompensator

PowSyBl [`StaticVarCompensators`](../model/index.md#static-var-compensator) are exported as CGMES `StaticVarCompensators`.

<span style="color: red">TODO details</span>

#### Substation

PowSyBl [`Substations`](../model/index.md#substation) are exported as CGMES `Substations`.

<span style="color: red">TODO details</span>

#### Switch

PowSyBl [`Switches`](../model/index.md#breakerswitch) are exported as CGMES `Breakers`, `Disconnectors` or `LoadBreakSwitches` depending on its `SwitchKind`.

<span style="color: red">TODO details</span>

#### ThreeWindingsTransformer

PowSyBl [`ThreeWindingsTransformers`](../model/index.md#three-windings-transformer) are exported as CGMES `PowerTransformers` with three CGMES `PowerTransformerEnds`.

> 

Reviewer 2: Isn't there a need for details here too ?

```suggestion
<span style="color: red">TODO details</span>
```
